PR + Governance updates to CONTRIBUTING.md (#2036)
ansible/molecule: CONTRIBUTING.rst

.. _formatting: https://molecule.readthedocs.io/en/latest/testing.html#formatting
.. _linting: https://molecule.readthedocs.io/en/latest/testing.html#linting

Code Of Conduct
===============

Please see our `Code of Conduct`_ document.

> .. _Code of Conduct: ./.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

Reviewer: This file is sourced from docs: https://github.com/ansible/molecule/blob/e012419defe06daceb1ed2bc8a4f64996a45fbaa/docs/contributing.rst#L3

Which probably means that we cannot use relative references like this here because in the rendered RTD website this will point to a non-existing location (unless we also wire and publish that page there).

> .. _Code of Conduct: ../../.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

Reviewer: But... it will still not work... Build this page locally and you should see

Pull Request Life Cycle and Governance
======================================

* If your PRs get stuck `join us on IRC`_ or add to the `working group agenda`_.

> * Coding standard is what is enforced by CI, everything else is off topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The code style standard is what is enforced by CI, everything else is off topic.
```
"Coding" is too generic. Sometimes, when the linter is okay with code, it can still be nonsense: enforced code style is almost irrelevant when talking about quality.
